# cornerGrocer
a program that reads an end-of-day sales sheet for a grocery store and displays results.

Project Summary:

What did you do particularly well? I believe that I was very successful in maintaining an unbreakable loop for the program and ensuring that the logo for the application was static and visible the entire time in the upper left hand corner. It was very satisfying to know that the histogram was working as intended and was able to output different options that the user can choose from for sorting.

Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? The most obvious enhancement that would need to happen within the program is to allow the user to delete a file that was created and rewrite a new one, or read a file from user entry by input. This is mostly in the realm of efficiency, because if there is a file that has already been read or written, the program will not read or write another one - which is fine for the intended result of this project - but the ability to read and write new files can easily be implemented with a few new functions in python.

Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? Creating the histogram and developing an algorithm for display was the most challenging, albiet fun part of this program development. I needed to sort, read, count, index, sort again for output based on user-choice while extending two languages. This did not take a terribly long time and was not frustrating, but it was easily the most difficult part of the project to develop. Some resources that I have used as support that proved to be extremely useful are cplusplus.com, reddit, stack overflow, and a few discord groups that I am a part of which specifically relate to computer science.

What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? The most important skill is the manipulation and extension of two programs. Before this program was developed, it seemed like this was going to be a very difficult project, but it actually made quite a lot of sense as code was written, debugged and tested (many times.)

How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? I made the program maintainable by writing the simplest code possible for the tasks required of the program. Readability is very important to me when presenting applications, so I take advantage of writing my comments as loops are written in code, meaning that the initial comment is written above the code to follow, and within this header is block text describing what happens line by line. For user-readibility, I take advantage of screen clearing as it keeps the user-focus where it is desiredas a developer. I like to make my programs as obvious as possible with presentation. As for adaptability, the code is structured very well and has the ability to be extended much further if desired.
